c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.exe
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.pdb
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.exe
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.pdb
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\UniversalWrapPanel.dll
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Viewer.g.i.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Viewer.g.cs
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Viewer.xaml
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Viewer.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\bin\Debug\Viewer.xbf
c:\users\ponnuswa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows\obj\Debug\Flickr_Universal_App_Sample.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
